`azurerm_storage_account`: Add support for `AzureDNSZone` (#22583)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/storage_account.html.markdown

-> **NOTE:** SFTP support requires `is_hns_enabled` set to `true`. [More information on SFTP support can be found here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/secure-file-transfer-protocol-support). Defaults to `false`

> * `dns_endpoint_type` - (Optional) Which DNS endpoint type to use. Possible values are `Standard` and `AzureDnsZone`. Defailts to `Standard`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: Just spotted this now I'm looking closer, apologies:

```suggestion
* `dns_endpoint_type` - (Optional) Specifies which DNS endpoint type to use. Possible values are `Standard` and `AzureDnsZone`. Defaults to `Standard`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```
